[Getting Started] lint files (#6634)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/browser_test.md

2. In the top right corner, click the **New Test** button.
3. Select **Browser Test**.
4. Define the configuration of your browser test:

    - Add the URL of the website you’re interested in monitoring. If you don’t know what to start with, you can use `https://www.shopist.io` as a test web application.
    - Name the test.
    - You can set tags such as `prod` and `shopist` on your test. Tags will help to keep things organized and allow you to quickly find the tests you're interested in on the homepage.
    - Choose devices and locations for testing. In this example, the test is only run on **Large Laptops** and on **English speaking countries**.
    - Specify a test frequency.
    - Set alert conditions to determine the circumstances under which you want a test to send a notification alert.

        - To avoid being alerted on network blips that might happen on specific locations, this test is configured as:

        ```text
        An alert is triggered if your test fails for 0 minutes from any 3 of 13 locations
        ```

>         - If you want to be sure that a test execution is only considered a failure after two failed test runs, specify how many times you want your test to be re-run before being actually considered a failure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - To ensure that a test execution is only considered a failure after two failed test runs, specify how many times you want your test to be re-run before being considered a failure:
```

1. Navigate to one of the furniture sections, for instance **Chairs**, and select **Add to cart**.
2. Click on **Cart**, click **Checkout**.
3. Add the **assertion** “Test text is present on the active page” to confirm the words “Thank you” are on the page.

>    **Note**: Your last browser test step must be an **assertion**. This will ensure your test ended up on the expected page and found the expected element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: Your final browser test step must be an **assertion**. This will ensure your test ended up on an expected page and found the expected element.
```
